Create initial contributing document (#1151)
knausj85/knausj_talon: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

Anyone is welcome to submit PRs and report issues.

## Guidelines for contributions

### Grammar Guidelines

- Any addition to the global grammar will be scrutinized a bit more thoroughly. The more specific a new context, the less scrutiny that is typically applied.
- To reduce the chance of misrecognitions, is strongly preferred to either (1) match an existing command already in use elsewhere in the repository for consistency or (2) introduce a single command for new functionality.

>   - New grammars should follow the [subject][verb] standard where-ever possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - New grammars should follow the `<object> <verb>` standard wherever possible.  For example, `"window close"`, `"tab new"`, `"terminal hide"`, etc
```

>   - Pull requests that mainly introduce alternative voice commands may be rejected. This is necessary to avoid introducing additional pain points for existing users of the repository; changing the grammar without any notice is likely to confusion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Pull requests that mainly introduce alternative voice commands may be rejected. This is necessary to avoid introducing additional pain points for existing users of the repository; changing the grammar without any notice is likely to lead to confusion
```
